[Documentation] Added raw hid documentation page (#7640)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/features.md

* [Unicode](feature_unicode.md) - Unicode input support.
* [Userspace](feature_userspace.md) - Share code between different keymaps and keyboards.
* [Velocikey](feature_velocikey.md) - Allows changes in RGB animation speed based on WPM/Typing speed.

> * [Raw HID](feature_rawhid.md) - Allows 32-byte bi-directional packet between keyboard and PC Host using HID interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Raw HID](feature_rawhid.md) - Allows bi-directional communication between QMK and the host.
```
The docs page also needs to be added to `_summary.md` so it appears in the sidebar.

Author: Ok I'll add it to `_summary.md`
